As you can see, so
currently we have a hard coded value and
a hard coded color palette.
We would like these to be dynamic.
So what we wanna do is we want
to pass the palette name and
the colors down to
the color palette screen so
it could be extended to render
any color palettes we want.
And you can do this as a second
argument in the navigate prop.
So the first argument is always the name
of the screen you will navigate to,
and the second argument is optional.
But it can be properties that you want to
be passed into the color palette screen.
For screens that you've navigated to,
you get a special route
param added automatically.
So this is out of the same
way as the navigation param.
And these parameters will become
available from route.params.paletteName.
So for example here,
if you do route.params.paletteName,
you will get Solarized.
So for this exercise,
there's four parts to this.
Firstly, update the app so that the colors
and the name are being passed into
the color palette dynamically,
which makes it reusable.
And I've also linked to the right
place in the documentation.
The second part is making sure that the
page title will be the name of the color
palette instead of the name of the page.
So that's what we just discussed as well.
Then we want to add two
more color schemes.
We added the colors for these,
now we wanna have rainbow color scheme and
the Frontier Masters color scheme.
And finally, this is kind of a stretch
goal, but we'd like to update
the homepage so that it displays the first
five colors of the color scheme.
Kind of like in a little rose,
you get a little preview.
So here's one I built earlier for
me to reference.